[Music]
sixty-five years don't they go by in a
blink
[Music]
you're damn yes
yeah not death here just to get in the
suit the suit came with the body I took
you want me to be your guy I wish to see
the world mr. Parrish
will the gentleman be staying for dinner
sir yes if I say who you are I don't
think anyone will stay for dinner does
your friend have a name I'm sorry this
is Joe incidently Joe what black have we
met
ice from out of town well let me ask
your opinion do I blend in is this crazy
you married aren't you no I'm not okay
what is that peanut butter sir hmm I
certainly enjoy this peanut butter oh
this is Joe black maybe joining us this
morning our sole order of business today
is an acceptance of Jon Bon accuse
generous offer
he billow of these delicious cookies hmm
and a cup of tea with milk please is
there anything else mr. black you like
him don't you yeah I guess yeah why yes
in this world nothing is certain but
death and taxes death and taxes
yes but a non-parent police joe black he
sleeps at Bill's house he never leaves
his side
I had this fake feeling
you walk into my life give me the worst
news guy yet you know you're spooning
with my daughter I love him I don't care
if you love it using them give yourself
a heart attack and ruin my vacation
Universal Pictures presents I'm in love
with a man but I know who he is Brad
Pitt but I know it's one who wanted what
I wanted Seuss you're violating the laws
of the universe Anthony Hopkins at the
wrong place at the wrong time with the
wrong woman are you threatening me yeah
I certainly hope so and Claire Forlani I
want to be with you Cho in a Martin
Brest film the time has come to tell you
who I am
what's good job
you feel like we're lifting up